iv PREFAOE.

benefit and satisfaction of doing his work himself, nor to leave him to
struggle almost hopelessly with difficulties which might discourage him
in his pregre-se, and which a hint might be sufficient to remove. The
proper medium between too much assistance, and too little, has been
caret'ully studied, and, while nothing extrancous has been introduced,
nothing has been omitted necessary to enable the student, with proper
application on his part, to obtain a critical and thorough knowledge 01
the construction and meaning of each part, and a clear apprehension of
the theme and argument as a whole.

The materials from which the Notes are compssed, have been drawn
from many different·sourees, and, to fit them for the place they now
occupy, they have for the most part been so compi-essed‚ extended, or
modffied, as seldom to retain their previous form. Of American authors,
acknowledgments are especially due to Dr. Anthou, and, in the latter
part of the work, to Pros. Johnson, whose valuable editions of Cicero's
Select Orations have been constantly consulted. The general introduc-
tion‚ and also the introduction to most of the Orations, has been taken
with but little alteration from the work of Schmitz and Zumpt, prepared
for the Classical section of Chambers’ Educational Series. From the same
work many of the historical illustratione, are derived. The translations
occasionnlly given are 111 general so nearly literal, as to indicate the
grannnatieal construction, and are extended only so far as to give a hint
or suggestion at the right time, to set up a guide-board to direct the pupil
to the right path, when lie might hc in danger of losing it, or to show
him how to sui-mount a difficulty, that might retard his progress.

As valuable attaininents cannot be made without an intimate and
thorough acquaintance with grammatic-al principles, idionis and peculiar
construction-s are constantly noted, and reference made for explanation,
to the editor's Latin Grannnar, and also to that of Andrews and §toddarth
distinguished by the initials B. and A. &S respectively, as these are in
more general use than any other. The references in the notes from one
part of the work to another, are plain and easy to be understood.

The editor embraces this opportunity to express his grateful ncknow-
ledginents for the favor———far beyond his expectations—with which his
elementary works have been received, and to say that no labor or expense
will be spared on his part, and he believes also on the part of hi?
publisherS, to render them worthy of the patronage they enjoy

Tnox, N. Y.‚ Sept. 18, 1851.

